doc: Rework the west versioning sections (#464)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: doc/nrf/gs_ins_windows.rst

Every |NCS| release consists of a combination of these repositories at different revisions.

.. note::
   The latest state of development is on the master branch of the fw-nrfconnect-nrf repository.
   To ensure a usable state, the fw-nrfconnect-nrf repository defines the compatible states of the other repositories.

>    However, this state is not necessarily tested. Releases and tags however do guarantee a higher quality level.

Reviewer: Every sentence should start on a new line (see style guide).
Suggestion for the second sentence:

For a higher quality level, check out a tagged release.

   Therefore, unless you are familiar with the development process, you should always work with a specific release of the |NCS|.

To manage the combination of repositories and versions, the |NCS| uses :ref:`zephyr:west`.

> The main repository, fw-nrfconnect-nrf, contains a `west manifest file`_ that defines the versions of all other repositories.

Reviewer 2: should we specifically mention the name of the file `west.yml` here ?

Reviewer: No, the link points to the file, and this is an overview section.

Reviewer 2: ahh, ok. 
Great then :+1:

This means that fw-nrfconnect-nrf acts as the manifest repository (see :ref:`Repository structure <zephyr:west-struct>`), while the other repositories are project repositories.

> The revision (in Git terms) of the fw-nrfconnect-nrf repository determines the contents of the manifest file. This file in turn defines what versions of the project repositories are checked out.

Reviewer 2: This is only true, as long as there are no local modifications to the manifest file.
Maybe this should be mentioned somewhere, although I don't think this is the right place.

This is actually different from `git submodule update` where you'll always get what is commited in the repo.
With `west.yml` user can make local mods and get another version of project.

Reviewer: New line for second sentence.

Author: I really do not want to introduce the concept of modifying the `-nrf` manifest file by hand. This is a Getting Started guide. I am sure that users willing to play with west will figure that out by looking at the west documentation in Zephyr, but in this section I want to keep things simple

Reviewer 2: I was more thinking in-line of some kind of warning, that if they do have local modification, then they will not get the revision specified in the repo.

Author: Sure but what I mean is that this is already documented in the west docs that we link to, and this page is really just a very high-level introduction to the concepts of manifest repository and project repositories.

This means that the full revision set of all repositories can be uniquely identified by a particular Git revision of the fw-nrfconnect-nrf repository.

> In this way, you can decide to work with a specific |NCS| release either by initializing a new west installation using the ``--mr`` command-line option or by checking out the corresponding

Reviewer: This is an overview - no need to add "--mr" or "west update" here. These instructions are in the sections for checking out and updating.

Author: Reworded

   However, this state is not necessarily tested.
   For a higher degree of quality assurance, check out a tagged release.

   Therefore, unless you are familiar with the development process, you should always work with a specific release of the |NCS|.

To manage the combination of repositories and versions, the |NCS| uses :ref:`zephyr:west`.
The main repository, fw-nrfconnect-nrf, contains a `west manifest file`_ that defines the versions of all other repositories.
This means that fw-nrfconnect-nrf acts as the manifest repository (see :ref:`Repository structure <zephyr:west-struct>`), while the other repositories are project repositories.
The revision (in Git terms) of the fw-nrfconnect-nrf repository determines the contents of the manifest file.
This file in turn defines what versions of the project repositories are checked out.
This means that the full revision set of all repositories can be uniquely identified by a particular Git revision of the fw-nrfconnect-nrf repository.

In this way, you can decide to work with a specific |NCS| release either by initializing a new west installation at a particular tag or by checking out the corresponding

> tag for a release in an existing installation and then updating your project repositories to the corresponding state with ``west``.

Reviewer: No `` for west - this is the name of the tool, not the command that you type.

Reviewer: Also, we shouldn't have line breaks within a sentence. 
(One line per sentence makes it easier to review/see changes and use the suggestion feature for changes.)

Author: Thanks, fixed

   pip3 |install_user| west

> You only need to do this once, but the west boostrapper will be updated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You only need to do this once.
Like any other Python package, the west bootstrapper is updated regularly.
Therefore, remember to regularly check for updates:
```

   git checkout master
   west update

.. note::

>    Every time you pull, rebase, check out a branch or in general change or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Run ``west update`` every time you change or modify the current working branch (for example, when you pull, rebase, or check out a different branch).
   This will bring the project repositories to the matching revision defined by the manifest file.
```

Then complete the following steps:

1. Open a |bash| in the ``ncs`` folder.

> #. Pull or rebase so that you are on the latest fw-nrfconnect-nrf master

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Do a ``git pull`` or rebase your branch so that you are on the latest fw-nrfconnect-nrf master.
``
